<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception
-->

# 1. Purpose

The Beman Project is dedicated to providing the guidance and facilities to
ensure the highest quality libraries in ISO standard C++. We help library
authors with development best practices, peer review, and contributing to the
C++ standard. We distribute the libraries proposed for standardization to
facilitate early usage and feedback.

The Beman project is named in memory of Beman Dawes - co-founder of
[Boost](https://www.boost.org).

# 2. Membership

## 2.1 Membership Criteria

Membership in the Beman Project is open to individuals and organizations
actively contributing to the development of libraries proposed to the WG21 C++
Standard. Contributors must adhere to the organization's code of conduct.
Members are individuals who fill a role in the project structure.

## 2.2 Membership Rights and Responsibilities

Members are expected to contribute positively to the organization, uphold its
values, and respect fellow members.

# 3. Project Structure

## 3.1 Beman Project Leads

The Beman Project Leads are responsible for maintaining the Library Acceptance
and Incubating process.  This includes strategic planning, setting goals, and
ensuring the organization's objectives are met.  This team should broadly
understand both the Standardization process, the needs of library developers,
and the concerns from Committee Members.  The Beman Project Leads ultimately
approve or change the process that we use for exposing Beman Libraries to the
wider community.

Beman Leads are currently: Jeff Garland, Inbal Levi, and David Sankel

### 3.1.2 Adding and removing Beman Leads

Any member of Beman Project Leads may step down or be replaced when they are
no longer able to contribute effectively. The Beman Project Leads can nominate
and decide on adding, removing, or replacing members by a majority decision.

## 3.2 Beman Project Contributors

The Beman Project Contributors are individuals who help execute the facilities
provided by the Beman Project.

### 3.2.3 Adding and removing Beman Project Contributors

The Beman Project Leads may accept new members or remove members to the Beman
Project Contributors by majority decision.  There is no restriction to the
number of Project Contributors.

## 3.3 Beman Project Library Authors

The Beman Project Library Authors are the Library authors who are maintaining
and improving the libraries that are part of the Beman Project.

### 3.3.3 Adding and removing Beman Project Library Authors

Beman Project Library Authors apply for acceptance into Beman Project when
they have reached the point of path toward standardization.  This would be the
submission of a Paper to the Committee, request to have a library to help write
their paper, or a similar path.

Removal as a Beman Project Library Author may be done when the library no
longer becomes part of the Beman Project.

# 4. Decision-Making

# 4.1 Consensus Decision-Making

Beman Project strives to make decisions through consensus among the Project
Contributors and the Project Leads.  Proposals on the best way to proceed
should be discussed in good faith.  Beman Project Leads ultimately decide the
direction of the Project.

# 5. Code of Conduct

Please refer to our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

# 5.1 Respectful Behavior

All members must conduct themselves respectfully and professionally in all
interactions within the Beman Project.

Discrimination, harassment, or any form of disrespectful behavior will not be
tolerated.

# 5.2 Conflict Resolution

Conflicts should be addressed privately and respectfully between parties
involved.

If resolution cannot be achieved, mediation by the Beman Leads may be
requested.
